DM-3545 LWM2M docs added for device deletion (#2369)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/lwm2m-bundle/registering-lwm2m-devices.md

Firmware updates are also supported for the registration of unsecured devices as well as secured devices. For more information, see [Managing firmware](/device-management-application/managing-device-data/#managing-firmware).
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

> #### Registering LWM2M devices using the REST API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Registering LWM2M devices using the REST API {#registering-lwm2m-devices-using-restapi}
```

> LWM2M internally relies internally uses our [Extensible Device Registration](/concepts/applications/#extensible-device-registration) feature. It provides an API based on JSON Schema and REST to extend {{< company-c8y >}} with arbitrary wizards for device registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LWM2M internally uses our [Extensible Device Registration](/concepts/applications/#extensible-device-registration) feature. It provides an API based on JSON Schema and REST to extend {{< company-c8y >}} with arbitrary wizards for device registration.
```

> Before the actual registration a LWM2M device, it first is important to understand the set of available device properties. This set can be obtained using the *metadata* endpoint of LWM2M:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before the actual registration of a LWM2M device, it first is important to understand the set of available device properties. This set can be obtained using the `metadata` endpoint of LWM2M:
```

`
GET /service/lwm2m-agent/deviceRegistration/metadata
`

> The registration of a new device then can be accomplished by posting a set of these values to the correspoding registration endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The registration of a new device then can be accomplished by posting a set of these values to the corresponding registration endpoint:
```

    "bootstrapId": "98ABCD32",
    "bootstrapKey": "AABB3104D212"
  },
  "serverSecurity": {
    "securityMode": "X.509"
  },
  "bootstrapShortServerId": 0,
  "lwm2mShortServerId": 1,
  "securityInstanceOffset": 0,
  "bindingMode": "UQ",
  "enableResourceLevelTimestamp": false,
  "genericUIRetainOldValuesIfError": true,
  "binaryDeliveryEncoding": "OPAQUE",
  "disableObjectInstanceActions": false,
  "disableFirmwareStateMachine": false,
  "stateMachineResetBeforeFirmwareUpdate": true,
  "endpointId": "urn:my:example:device",
  "lwm2mServerUri": "coaps://lwm2m.cumulocity.com:5784",
  "registrationLifetime": 12000
}
```

### Duplicate LWM2M devices {#duplicate-lwm2m-devices}

If a LWM2M device has been registered with the same endpoint ID before, the device registration will not register the device, neither for single nor for bulk device registrations.
For single device registrations, the duplication error message will be displayed after clicking register.
For bulk device registrations, the information about duplicate LWM2M devices will be displayed under the [LWM2M connector device](#connector-device)'s bulk upload operation result.

### Device deletion {#device-deletion}

> To remove a LWM2M device, delete it through the device management UI from the [All devices](/device-management-application/viewing-all-devices/#to-delete-devices) list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove a LWM2M device, delete it through the [All devices](/device-management-application/viewing-all-devices/#to-delete-devices) list in the Device Management application.
```

> Alternatively, you can delete a LWM2M device using a REST call. With the managed object ID (device ID) of the device to be deleted, this can be accomplished using the following DELETE request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can delete a LWM2M device using a REST call. With the managed object ID (device ID) of the device to be deleted, this can be accomplished using the following DELETE request.
```

> #### Device deletion using the REST API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Device deletion using the REST API {#device-deletion-using-restapi}
```
